Decipher Morse code to text or text to Morse code

Turn any text into Morse code, or translate Morse code to text and hear the results.

•	Clean, modern app design and interface.
•	Made to be simple to use for everyone.
•	Realtime translation: type in the word or code and have it translated immediately.
•	Decode from Morse to text, or text to Morse.
•	Press the speaker button to hear the code.
•	Copy the text by pressing the "Copy" button.
•	Type in dot and dash using our built-in Morse keyboard. 
•	Libre software (https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/Morse)
+	More features planned.

Don’t let the special characters or dots and dashes befuddle you.

Morse code is a system to encode letters and numbers to dash and dot signs.
The duration of the dash is three times the duration of a dot.
Each dot or dash is followed by period of signal absence, called a space, equal to the dot duration.

Morse code was first used for communicating via telegraph.
The most well-known Morse code is SOS, which is used to signal an emergency.
Aside from typing dots and dashed, you can also signal Morse code by turning light on and off, sounding a horn or tapping, etc.
All means of transmitting Mores code require the recipient understands it.
If not, our cipher tool can be used to find out the password, secret number, or any info you want to relay. 
Since people rarely communicate via telegraph, or learn it in the military, very few people have Morse codes memorized.
Instead, it has become a way to encode something for special purposes.
It’s a useful language to know even if you just want to learn cryptography or solve cryptograms for fun.

1.	Tell others when you are in a dangerous situation (SOS).
2.	Hide your secret number or password via dots and dashes.
3.	Cipher or decipher hidden clues in games.
4.	Learn cryptography or cryptogram through learning Morse codes.
5.	Become a codebreaker by breaking secret codes in real time translation.
6.  Create a secret number.
+   Many more 

---
It really helps to leave a review or to star the project in the source code repsitory, and it means the world to us.
If you have problems using the app, please write an e-mail or open an issue on GitHub.
Responses are most often immediate, and bugs are fixed as soon as possible.
